extremely few works and information available on web
judging from what is on web, very little output, low originality, not particularly beautiful, not very popular 



Claudio Prieto [1] (24 November 1934 – 5 April 2015) was a Spanish composer[2] He was born in Muñeca de la Peña, Palencia and began his musical career as a boy in the mid-20th century playing various musical instruments for the municipal band of Guardo. He moved to San Lorenzo de El Escorial when he was 16 years, where he began his education with the musicologist Samuel Rubio.[citation needed]

In 1960 he obtained a Cultural Exchange scholarship from the Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs admitting him to the Advanced Course taught in the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia in Rome. Over the next three years, he studied under Goffredo Petrassi, Bruno Maderna and Boris Porena. After completing the training he received a Higher Diploma from the Academy and returned to Spain. In 1967, he participated in the International Masterclass at Darmstadt (Germany) with among others, György Ligeti, Karlheinz Stockhausen and Earle Brown.

His professional career began in Madrid with the premier at the Ateneo Auditorium of his work 'Improvisation' for chamber ensemble. In 1969 his piece 'Solo a Solo', for flute and guitar, won him "Best Spanish wor for Young Musicians award” and thereby both national and international exposure and recognition. His biography, Música, belleza y comunicación, was written by Víctor Andrés Pliego and published by Editorial Complutense in 1994.

Legacy[edit]
In Guardo, a secondary school bears his name (Instituto de Educación Secundaria or IES Claudio Prieto).[3]

The 4th Symphony "Martín y Soler" of Claudio Prieto was composed in 2006 as a commission from the Orquesta de Valencia, which premiered it on February 23, 2007 with Antoni Ros-Marbà conducting the ensemble.

The Symphony is made up of a single 50' long movement and was composed as a tribute to Valencian composer Vicente Martín y Soler, evoking his time's aesthetic while raising Prieto's personal view of the projection of his figure, both in artistic and biographic terms.